ignore content repo warning (#2469)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
* Fixed an issue where **generate-docs** with `-c` argument updated sections of the incorrect commands.
* Added IF113 error code to **ALLOWED_IGNORE_ERRORS**.

> * Added environment variable `DEMISTO_SDK_IGNORE_CONTENT_WARNING` to ignore warning to run on content repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `DEMISTO_SDK_IGNORE_CONTENT_WARNING` environment variable, to allow suppressing warnings when commands are not run under a content repo folder.
```
